OSDOCS-12261 autorepair setting for machine pools (#90634)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-autorepair-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cluster_admin/rosa_nodes/rosa-managing-worker-nodes.adoc
// * nodes/rosa-managing-worker-nodes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-autorepair-cli_{context}"]
= Configuring machine pool AutoRepair using the ROSA CLI

You can configure machine pool AutoRepair for your {product-title} cluster by using the ROSA CLI.

.Prerequisites

> * You installed and configured the latest AWS (`aws`), ROSA (`rosa`) on your workstation.

Reviewer: Do you need to install the AWS CLI for this procedure? It seems only ROSA CLI is used. The ROSA docs seem a bit inconsistent about this.
This seems to be the most used format when only requiring `rosa`:
```suggestion
* You installed and configured the latest {product-title} (ROSA) CLI, `rosa`, on your workstation.
```
At the very least:
```suggestion
* You installed and configured the latest AWS (`aws`) and ROSA (`rosa`) CLIs on your workstation.
```

* You logged in to your Red{nbsp}Hat account by using the `rosa` CLI.

> * You created a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster.

Author: Updated

db-nodes-mp  No           2/2       m5.xlarge                          us-east-2a         subnet-0df2ec3377847164f  4.16.6   Yes  
----

. Enable or disable AutoRepair on a machine pool:

* To enable or disable AutoRepair for a machine pool, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa edit machinepool --cluster=mycluster --machinepool=<machinepool_name>  --autorepair false
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
I: Updated machine pool 'machinepool_name' on cluster 'mycluster'
----

.Verification

. Describe the details of the machine pool with the new taints:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa describe machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> --machinepool=<machinepool_name>
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
ID:                            machinepool_name
Cluster ID:                    <ID_of_cluster>
Autoscaling:                   No
Desired replicas:              2
Current replicas:              2
Instance type:                 m5.xlarge
Labels:                        
Tags:                              
Taints:                        key1=value1:NoSchedule, key2=value2:NoExecute        
Availability zone:             us-east-2a
...
----

> . Verify that the AutoRepair setting is correct for your machine pool in the output.

Reviewer: Which item in the output is the _AutoRepair setting_?

Author: oops, cut it off. Updated
